Audio Transcription - Events (audio.transcribe.event)

One Paragraph of project description goes here

   This project processes the events in the AWS server. When a file is created in the S3 bucket, it checks to see if
   'email' is in the name. If it is, it extracts the email from the file (created by audio.transcribe.back when the
   file was put into AmazonTranscribe) and then uses AmazonSES to send an alert to the corresponding email.

Getting Started

   This file can be downloaded from github, using the SSH provided by the website. This is only available to
   the programmers of the software.

Prerequisites

Java is required and, should the code need testing, access to the AWS site in order to upload the code is also needed.

Installing

Sign in to GitHub and GitHub Desktop before you start to clone.
On GitHub, navigate to the main page of the repository.
Under your repository name, click Clone or download.
Click Open in Desktop to clone the repository and open it in GitHub Desktop.
Click Choose... and, using the Finder window, navigate to a local path where you want to clone the repository.
Click Clone.

To run the program, it must be uploaded to the AWS lambda and activated through audio.transcribe.front

Running the tests

Right click on test.java to run the jUnit tests.

Explain what these tests test and why

The tests are designed to check the functionality fo the code and maintain good coverage in order to prevent damage.
There should be 100% coverage of new code and at least 95% coverage of the full code before merging new branches. jUnit
tests are used throughout though Mockito is also available.

Built With

    Maven - This project if based on Maven, using its Dependency Management system
    AWS - AmazonS3 and AmazonSES are interacted with through the corresponding clients

Contributing

Please note that this is a private program and only project developers can contribute.

Versioning

    In relation to our version structure. The first number represents the version of our software, the second
    represents large version changes that are not yet released (e.g. a new function or alteration to a large
     portion of the structure) and the third represents small changed that are not yet released (e.g. bug fixed and new
     endpoints).

List of contributors

    Hywel Griffiths

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

Acknowledgments

